Update README of azure-identity-providers-jdbc-[mysql/postgresql] libraries (#31380)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/jdbc/azure-identity-providers-jdbc-mysql/README.md

> - [Azure identity JDBC MySQL plugin library for Java](#azure-identity-jdbc-mysql-plugin-library-for-java)

Author: I am still working on this doc, will update.

This package contains the jdbc authentication plugin to authenticate with Azure AD for Azure hosted MySQL services.

> [Source code][source] | [API reference documentation][docs] | [Product documentation][product_docs]

Reviewer: A toc would be great to have

| [Quick start][quick_start_mysql]

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

- An Azure account with an active subscription. [Create an account for free](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/).
- [Java Development Kit (JDK)][jdk] with version 8 or above.
- [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi).
- Azure Database for MySQL instance.
    - Step-by-step guide for [creating a MySQL instance using the Azure Portal](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/mysql/single-server/quickstart-create-mysql-server-database-using-azure-portal)

### Include the package

> Now the package is not included in the `azure-sdk-bom`, so it can only be included via a direct dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package is not part of the `azure-sdk-bom` now, so it can only be included via a direct dependency.
```
